docs: Add entity docs (#137)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/features/odata/common/entity/from-json.mdx

In some cases it makes sense for you to store your data as a JSON object, that is based on the entity type, i. e. using the property names of the entity class as properties of your object.
If you are looking for a way to create an entity from a JSON response, that you got from an OData service, you are probably looking for [entity deserialization](#deserialize-an-odata-json-response-to-an-entity).

> This would be the JSON representation for the data above:

Reviewer: I think this section comes after the introduction and entity-builder section so I wonder if it is clear which `data above` you are referring to.

Author: done

> This would be the JSON representation for the data above:

Author: ```suggestion
This would be the JSON representation of a business parter in the SAP Cloud SDK:
```

```json
{
  "firstName": "Peter",
  "lastName": "Pan",
  "toBusinessPartnerAddress": [
    {
      "country": "Neverland"
    }
  ]
}
```

> You can use this data to build an entity using the `.fromJson` function.

Reviewer: consistency: in some cases you made the () for a function in some you do not. Just make it consistent.

Author: I will remove the `()` so that I don't have to deal with params.

Author: done

> You can use this data to build an entity using the `.fromJson` function.

Author: I will remove the `()` so that I don't have to deal with params.

> The example below shows how you would create the data from above based on a JSON representation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below shows how you would create an instance of the business partner class using the `fromJson` function.
```
